alright guys welcome back to let's play
littlebigplanet heart for grabs there's
cracks Lou that's bad took my crabs you
remember your first time she had crabs
had crabs really yeah well back my day
it was a tradition to have crabs
tradition a tradition you Jason was I
said Judaism my life yeah why am I died
baby um I know where I was I hate to
love on this one now as we're try and
finish this this time maybe it'd be
really nice when it nice well what we
meet be nice to finish it in this one we
don't have to like to start a half
episode I get you now the ex that's not
a plus sign I don't know what plus sign
you know but hey so say yeah I'm do
calculus she said he goes 1 plus 80 what
the heck blue I'm totally lost round my
yes oh my I thought you played this game
I am actually almost fell in the level
what yeah kind of flying through it
right now and how do i get off this boat
simple you're about to die oh if all
they fail beta God died he is it real
hey I wanna say that anyone it got isn't
real I don't want fans to be splashed it
should be like but please a sudden got a
real one well I don't wanna get you so
did you ok I'll and then you'll offend
the atheist so we're gonna bring in the
topic of God it was much like you would
say what go say Israel if you want to
believe he threw ok ok ok you know that
you would play like that that's fine i
just don't want don't want to be
bombarded with the book stupid comment
so i shouldn't be talking about Jesus
cuz you know he's really you're looking
at me I am hey what this coming you know
what this liable sorry I've known this
little so good that disciple if you know
what glad we can keep bag a mushroom
okay i am stuck well my mom out
here okay I think that I'm the viewers
would be lost to his speech just slow me
down oh I see anything I show you them
and use you not like me eat my feet
upper back wrong way don't have the
sticker
I'm all right Krabs help me get out for
help you get over your crabs well they
got super a lot because I believe me
crabs if you don't believe in crabs
you're a moron if you don't believe in
the magic of giving like giving crabs
yeah share the know even magic I don't
know that song no let's go what's with
the scalp fine I don't know the curse
day I heard if your blood is that take
you loose on your penis it does oh my
god oh my bin there's a lot of sexual
innuendo is in it i just think i have
qualifies I said what cause love eyes
remember this being a film those are the
indian guys remember nope that's what
they are there no real idiot there are
cards I'm on another let's go Pete
you're slumming down you're slowing the
rats down take a left
any of that do you just the fish eat uh
no let's say no can I get some bubbly
pies yeah go for it find me one breath
I'm Pete slamming out Pete Peters well
I'm coming he can swim straight up
straight up straight up here right your
right paw paw paw paw I did it five
buddy for me I really need for players
but we don't have four players if he
ties myself I would and maybe you guys
16 here we can't both days okay now try
that your chocolate class no thanks I
think I be laughed at if i use that map
really yeah a my class and stuff stuff
we
all right do we have this one is it we
don't have any stickers we can't do any
of those each one part downside to this
DLC mean just late all right we're
almost done almost done this is the end
of the level right here kind of flew
through this one right yeah I get I was
like you were like peach way off for me
ha blah ha all right we hit the
checkpoint yeah this is pretty cool I
remember this big this is biz like the
best of the film good to me second one
end one second one yeah how I ficken of
the second Molly this is a ruby yeah I'm
confused yeah one aren't you when you
explain to me up aboard he made he turn
to take out the Kraken let's go the
Kraken I know the Kraken feeI happy with
him once he will let me on the
boat pizza failure when it comes to
swimming how much time do we have Pete
that's over seven minutes all right well
we're gonna in this episode then ok
Emily far guys thanks for watching my
scribe do stuff next time we'll fight
the Kraken yeah the ice cream truck
capac penis happy